website/integrations: Beszel: cleanup (#23277)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/monitoring/beszel/index.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beszel requires the email scope to return a value of `email_verified: True`. As of [authentik 2025.10](/docs/releases/2025/v2025.10.md#default-oauth-scope-mappings), the default behavior is to return `email_verified: False`, so a custom scope mapping is required for Beszel to allow authentication.
```

5. Open the **OAuth2** section and toggle **Enable**.
6. Click **+ Add provider**, then select **OpenID Connect**.
7. Enter the following details from the authentik provider:
    - **Client ID**: enter the **Client ID** from authentik.
    - **Client secret**: enter the **Client Secret** from authentik.
    - **Display name**: `authentik`
    - **Auth URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/authorize/`
    - **Token URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/token/`
    - **Fetch user info from**: `User info URL`
    - **User info URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/o/userinfo/`
8. Click **Set provider config**.
9. Click **Save changes**.
10. Return to `https://beszel.company/_/#/settings`, toggle **Hide collection create and edit controls** back on, then click **Save changes**.

### User creation and password login

Beszel does not create users automatically by default. Before a user can sign in with authentik, either create the user manually in the **users** collection with an email address that matches their authentik email address, or set the `USER_CREATION=true` environment variable for the Beszel hub.

> To disable password login and use only OAuth/OIDC authentication, set the `DISABLE_PASSWORD_AUTH=true` environment variable for the Beszel hub. Avoid changing this setting directly in PocketBase because Beszel applies the environment variable value again on restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beszel does not create users automatically by default. Before a user can sign in with authentik, either create the user manually in the **users** collection with an email address that matches their authentik email address, or enable automatic user creation by setting the `USER_CREATION=true` environment variable on the Beszel hub.

To disable password-based login and require OAuth/OIDC authentication instead, set the `DISABLE_PASSWORD_AUTH=true` environment variable on the Beszel hub. Avoid changing this setting directly in PocketBase, because Beszel will overwrite it with the environment variable value on restart.
```
